Update installation-overview.md (#2759)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/get-started/installation-overview.md

- [Use a Docker image to install dbt](/docs/get-started/docker-install)
- [Install dbt from source](/docs/get-started/source-install)

## Upgrading dbt Core

> To upgrade dbt using `pip`, see the [pip upgrading instructions](/docs/get-started/pip-install#change-dbt-core-versions). dbt Labs provides a number of resources for understanding [general best practices](/blog/upgrade-dbt-without-fear) while upgrading your dbt project as well as detailed [migration guides](/guides/migration/versions/upgrading-to-v1.4) highlighting the changes required for each minor and major release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dbt provides a number of resources for understanding [general best practices](/blog/upgrade-dbt-without-fear) while upgrading your dbt project as well as detailed [migration guides](/guides/migration/versions/upgrading-to-v1.4) highlighting the changes required for each minor and major release, and [core versions](/docs/dbt-versions/core)

- [Upgrade Homebrew](/docs/get-started/homebrew-install#upgrading-dbt-and-your-adapter)
- [Upgrade `pip`](/docs/get-started/pip-install#change-dbt-core-versions)

```
